oh hey I didn't see you over there I'm
suppose you know anything about cars do
you I know a lot more about killing
I'm via corian kill her like you kill
accordions and kill people with
accordions Oh what how would that how is
that even possible like I jab this into
your neck do you have an accordion it's
my gimmick you're killing with a gimmick
cuz there's like eight screwdriver
killers I was a good weapon but right so
the accordion killer I think people you
killed including after I kill you yeah
including me too so you've killed one
other person besides yeah how'd you do
with the screwdriver
honestly look you finish him off with
the accordion yeah Jack so you kill
people do you do anything with the
accordion I write songs about my victims
well what would you say about me you
don't even know me I'll make things up
about you Oh red sweatshirt and his
nails were clean
I'll write it later it wasn't even a
rhyme I didn't say it had to I'm sorry
I'm not from around here i'm actually
just passing through on a road trip huh
yeah a road trip today it's actually
it's a chili cook-off chili yes chili oh
don't know is it don't do that again if
you want and you like chili oh i love
chile you want to come you can come with
me to make chili out of your face okay
well I'm gonna try starting my color one
more time and then I'm going to the
chili cook-off if you know anybody else
is gonna be coming this way this is my
headshot resume you let him know that
the accordion killer want some chili
well if you want some chili just come to
the cook off with me I'm talking about
face chili
hey when you come back are you gonna
come the same direction now I'm taking
high ten I'm gonna go see my
brother-in-law okay what what acts are
you gonna take 24 let me write this down
okay you know I don't need 24-hour baby
yeah i'll be waiting for you
big old bowl of this huh good ah that's
good it was really good meeting you man